welcome to your mom's house
first of this announcement I should
probably get to that we haven't gotten
to yet so it's so major something I
wanted to make sure we had our ducks in
a row for for a while and so I I was
talking a blue ban and I had to make
sure everything was lined up and then he
flew a couple places for me and made
sure we were set to go and he did this
for me and that is that we are now ready
to bring out the new the all new bikes
shirt oh my god oh my gosh
this is something that was originally on
our on our mommy jams on this show and
then I I made a bit about it on on the
Netflix special yes and then now it is
ready to go we have a bunch of them they
are absolutely fire we even have a
that is great
blue bandit good job blue band that's
really neat really good work band there
is that it's not promo up anywhere that
people can see it's gonna be so we just
showing it here for the first time
that's a really neat design at least yes
the new bike shirt we had one for for a
while this one is on a much higher
quality t-shirt it's an all new design
it has a few bikes on it and of course
it has the word bikes in big black
letters this store is now up if you go
to Tom Segura calm in your mom's house
podcast calm you can check it out and
we're very excited and we have them
fully stocked so there is it's not a
pre-sale there won't be the the issue
that we had before with a lot of you
waiting on your sub cane shirts I
profusely apologize for that and it
won't happen with these and the sub cane
shirts that you do see on my site are
only ones that we have in stock so we
have a new system that counts the
inventory and eliminates shirts that are
no longer there you will not have to
wait again so a thousand apologies
please get the bikes shirt it supports
us it supports the show and it supports
you know it supports our our guy here
are our producer blue man
yoke so please get them gee it's really
anyways I'm really excited about bikes
you good that's exciting guys yeah pick
up your shorts to your shopping on
Amazon get on LinkedIn LinkedIn is
helpful